= ClothMark

With ClothMark you can easily convert your files formatted with Markdown, Textile or BBCode to HTML files.

ClothMark uses three awesome gems:
* RedCloth[http://redcloth.org/]
* BlueCloth[http://www.deveiate.org/projects/BlueCloth]
* bb-ruby[http://github.com/cpjolicoeur/bb-ruby/]

== Installation

  gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
  sudo gem install ravicious-clothmark

== Usage

Basic usage:

  $ clothmark [input file]

It converts an input file to HTML using *Markdown* preprocessor. But you probably want to specify an output file or used preprocessor. Of course you can do this. Look here:

  $ clothmark [input file] [-o output file] [-m markup language]

Quick example:
  
  $ clothmark bb_code.txt -m bbcode -o forum_post.html

It converts the input file (bb_code.txt) to the HTML file (forum_post.html) using BBCode preprocessor.

Wanna see help? No problem.
  $ clothmark -h
  Usage: clothmark [options]
    -h, --help                       Display this screen
    -i, --input FILE                 Specify input file (if it aren't specified, then first argument will be used)
    -o, --output FILE                Specify output file
    -ah, --additional-html           Specify, do additional HTML and CSS will be used (default - false)
    -m, --markup LANG                Specify markup language (markdown, textile or bbcode, default is markdown)

So, there are four arguments:
* -i or --input which specifies input file. If it isn't typed, then first argument will be used as an input file. This argument is required.
* -o or --output which specifies output file. You don't have to specify it, because ClothMark generates filename for output file automatically.
* -m or --markup which specifies markup language. If you don't specify it, then Markdown will be used as a choosed language.
* -ah or --additional-html which specifies, do additional HTML and CSS will be used. Default is set to false, but you can set it to true, just type this argument.

All files will be created in the folder that contains a input file, e.g:

  $ clothmark posts/forum_post2 -m bbcode
  
In this case, the forum\_post2.html file will be created in the _posts_ folder.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it (RSpec). This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Rafal Cieslak. See LICENSE for details.
